Don't be afraid.
I'll accompany you.
Brother Zeyan
I told you so.
Su Yaoan, that woman is fickle
He broke your heart so much
Let me comfort you
roll
Brother Zeyan
What's so good about Su Yaoan?
You see
She obviously has you
It's still there.
Hang out with other men
I only have you in my heart
Su Sitian, don't waste your time
You can't even compare to a single hair of Su Yaoan
I'm not as good as that bitch Su Yaoan
Why doesn't he love me?
Am I not good enough?
In my opinion
You look okay
I hate Li Zeyan so much
I can help you.
As long as you are obedient
Hello, the call you are calling is temporarily unanswered.
Zeyan
Why do you drink so much?
Where is this?
Why am I with you?
Baby, you were great last night
Much better than your sister
Li Yuan is now the ruler of the Li family
Since you can't get Li Zeyan
Then I will use Li Yuan's power to destroy him
People are yours now
You can't let people be bullied
As long as you listen to me
I will help you get rid of Li Zeyan
Wait until I destroy Li Zeyan
The next one will kill you, the bad guy.